---
layout: post
title: "IELTS task 2"
description: ""
published: false
category: 
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}


<<h2>IELTS Writing Task 2</h2>
<p><<em>In the developed world, average life expectancy is increasing. What problems will this cause for individuals and society? Suggest some measures that could be taken to reduce the impact of aging populations.</em></p>

<p>It is true that people in industrialized nations can expect to live longer than ever before. although there will undoubtedly be some negative consequences of this trend, societies can take steps to mitigate these potential problems.</p>

<p>as people live longer and the populations of developed countries grow older, several related problems can be anticipated, the main issue is that there will obviously be more people of retirement age who will be eligible to receive a pension. The proportion of younger, working adults will be smaller, and governments will therefore receive less money in taxes in relation of to the size of the population, In other words, an aging population will mean a greater tax burden for working adults. Further pressures will include a rise in the demand for health-care, and the fact that young will increasingly have to look after their elderly relatives. </p>

<p>There are several actions that governments could take to solve the problems described above. Firstly, a simple solution would be to increase the retirement age for working adults, perhaps from 65 to 70. Nowadays, people of this age tend to be healthy enough to continue a productive working life. A second measure would be for governments to encourage immigration in order to increase the number of working adults who pay taxes. finally, money from national budgets will need to be taken from other areas and spent on vital health-care, accommodation and transport facilities for the rising numbers of old citizens.</p>
<p>In conclusion, various measures can be taken to tackle the problems that are certain to arise as the populations of countries grow older.</p>


Let's try writing a full paragraph using the assay plan from this lesson. The topic of this paragraph is "the problems caused by increasing life expectancy". Here's the plan I wrote:

Problems
	- an increase in the number of retired people who will receive a pension
	- a smaller proportion of young adults = smaller working populations
	- a greater tax burden on working adults
	- demand for health-care will rise
	- young adults will have to look after elderly relatives

Here's my paragraph using the ideas above: 

As people