---
layout: post
title: "July 20th"
description: ""
category:
published: false 
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}

plenty of what ever I want, that is it, I want money, I get money, I want women I get women, 
I want happiness... well in that case I have to work, accomplish, be disciplined, think positively
and enjoy the present and what I am to be happy. 

July 20 2013

Once again a really good day today and yesterday, lets begin: 
yesterday worked very hard from 8 to 7:30 in the night, however I was happy, learning and remembering the 
fabulous meal that Pauline gave me the day before. and the good news about Andres and Liceth who will be
here in Australia soon. 
then when I came out of the job. I went down to the city and entered to an clothing store to try a few jackets 
for the winter. The girl at the store was really nice and attentive to sell me a nice jacket, however it was a 
little expensive. the good part is that at the end, she asked me was I was going to do next. ( I understand is a 
very innocent question ) however I saw in her eyes that she was interested in more conversation or maybe to share
a cup of coffee is I would showed interest. finally I didn't ask anything 

Note: keep my eyes open to opportunities

2. The I was walking under the rain, happy and smiling with no particular reason, there were to young girls talking
I couldn't resist to look at them, an then when a was passing, one of them said bye! jokingly. once again this is 
silly, but is the first time this happens here in Australia, and boosts my confidence that is exactly the thing that
I am working on the most right now!
Then Pauline called me to invite me this morning to have brunch with her and her friend "Loz" a nice lady, who works 
driving giant mining trucks! near Perth. 
Incredible! I couldn't believe that women would be hired for a work as hard as that. I was immediately tempted to keep 
asking questions about her job and all the incredible experiences she must have had while doing that work!
Anyhow, we had a great time together. chatting, laughing and having very tasty food. 
And once again Pauline paid for everything and also gave me money.

Note: have friends!!
	2. Enjoy the little things in life
	3. remember that most times the parts of the duck they serve in restaurants are not the best.

Also today: I bought 6 business shirts, for less that 200, all of them fit perfectly and have great quality, I do love them.
as well as a brand new jacket, very useful for formal and informal occasions, with out any doubt this is the beginning of a new
winter style.

The I went to work, advanced in a lot of manual boring work. But also learned about form actions and methods. 
Also learned about how to indent the second and following lines of text in ordered and unordered lists.

much much more to learn every day. Lets keep up the great the great work. I am becoming better an better every day
more confident, happier, hard worker lover of life, finding great moments, smiling, helping, keeping myself active
need to be better with my friends, and meet more people, start caring more about people 
